# All-You-Need-To-Know-About-Professional-Employer-Organization-PEO-In-India
With 1.4 billion people and a talented workforce, India is proving itself to be an attractive destination for foreign investors with Professional Employer Organization.  Besides, these strong market opportunities and high-value services throughout the supply chain are key factors behind India’s success.  However, doing business in India can be a complex affair without adequate guidance from local experts. So, what can you do to simplify it?  Well, if you are considering expanding your base in India, you must partner with an Employer of Record (EOR) or Professional Employer Organization (PEO).  Not only will this help you facilitate hiring, managing, but it will also let you set your objectives.  Read on to discover the benefits of using a PEO in India and why do you need one.   All You Need To Know About Professional Employer Organization (PEO) In India What is Professional Employer Organization [PEO]? PEO is an organization that manages human resource (HR) outsourcing and other administrative tasks such as payroll and visa and sponsorship on behalf of other companies. It is an alternative to having an in-house HR department in India. Thus, relieving your company of any administrative and financial efforts and letting you focus on your core business. Some of the best PEOs in India include Husys, New Horizon Global Partners, Global PEO, and Sky Executive. Need of PEO in India The main goal for businesses is to drive growth and take their company to new and emerging markets. India is attracting a large number of foreign companies, especially in the IT and telecommunications sector.  Did you know, Digital India is expected to create $ 1.3 Trillion worth of business opportunities by 2021?  You might be thinking, the best way to enter the Indian market is to strengthen your brand image. Well, it is. But, the simplest and most effective way of setting up operations is to use a PEO.  It will help you streamline business operations and eliminate the usual administrative barriers involved in international expansion.
